Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition .
John could not see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short .
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs .
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it .
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it .
The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away .
The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away .
The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour , so it had to be moved first .
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis , even though he is 30 years younger .
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis , even though he is 30 years older .
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree . It is to the right of the bookcase .
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree . It is to the right of a house .
There is a gap in the wall . You can see the garden behind it  .
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30 , so there was not much time . Luckily , it was short , so it worked out .
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30 , so there was not much time . Luckily , it was delayed , so it worked out .
There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see around it  .
There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see it  .
They broadcast an announcement , but a subway came into the station and I could not hear it  .
They broadcast an announcement , but a subway came into the station and I could not hear over it  .
In the middle of the outdoor concert , the rain started falling , but it continued until 10 .
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes , but she had forgotten .
I could not put the pot on the shelf because it was too high .
I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very good .
I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very famous .
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead . If Adam had not had a sudden run of good luck , he would have won .
Adam can not leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him . If Bob had left home for work on time , he would be gone by this time .
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party , leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely .
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party , leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely .
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard . I do not know why he was , but he looked very unhappy .
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard . I do not know who he was , but he looked very unhappy .
The dog chased the cat , which ran up a tree . It waited at the bottom .
The dog chased the cat , which ran up a tree . It waited at the top .
In the storm , the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house . Now , I have to get it repaired .
Mark told Pete many lies about himself , which Pete included in his book . He should have been more truthful .
Mark told Pete many lies about himself , which Pete included in his book . He should have been more skeptical .
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces . She has had it since she was a child .
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces . She has loved it since she was a child .
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano , but it was broken , so he had to stand instead .
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano , but it was broken , so he had to sing instead .
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on . She reads it when she gets home from work .
This morning , Joey built a sand castle on the beach , and put a toy flag in the highest tower , but this afternoon the tide knocked it down .
This morning , Joey built a sand castle on the beach , and put a toy flag in the highest tower , but this afternoon the wind knocked it down .
The path to the lake was blocked , so we could not reach it  .
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning , but luckily , by the time the picnic started , it was out .
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning , but luckily , by the time the picnic started , it was gone .
We went to the lake , because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach , so it was a dangerous place to swim .
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep , but they ended up looking more like golfers .
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep , but they ended up looking more like dogs .
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed , so that she could work .
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats , but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska .
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats , but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska .
I can not cut that tree down with that axe ; it is too small .
Fred covered his eyes with his hands , because the wind was blowing sand around . He opened them when the wind stopped .
Fred covered his eyes with his hands , because the wind was blowing sand around . He lowered them when the wind stopped .
The actress used to be named Terpsichore , but she changed it to Tina a few years ago , because she figured it was too hard to pronounce .
The actress used to be named Terpsichore , but she changed it to Tina a few years ago , because she figured it was easier to pronounce .
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off , because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it on .
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off , because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it off .
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather . He is a remarkable man .
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather . He was a remarkable man .
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant . When Fred first saw my father , he was twelve years old .
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant . When Fred first saw my father , he was twelve months old .
Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! .
Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast! .
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago . They hunted for evidence on the river banks .
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago . They hunted for deer on the river banks .
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean . They began two years ago .
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie . They were very persistent , so the interview lasted for a long time .
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie . They were very cooperative , so the interview lasted for a long time .
I put the cake away in the refrigerator . It has a lot of butter in it .
I put the cake away in the refrigerator . It has a lot of leftovers in it .
Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be better .
Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary .
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall , they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents . They were very much in the minority .
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall , they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents . They were very much in the majority .
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies ; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies . Next time , we should make more of them  .
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies ; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies . Next time , we should make fewer of them  .
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium , but there were simply not enough of them  .
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium , but there were simply too many of them  .
I could not find a spoon , so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee . But that turned out to be a bad idea , because it got full of coffee .
I could not find a spoon , so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee . But that turned out to be a bad idea , because it got full of ink .
Steve follows Fred's example in everything . He influences him hugely .
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket . She thinks it looks dowdy on her .
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket . She thinks it looks great on her .
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him  .
John promised Bill to leave , so an hour later he left .
John ordered Bill to leave , so an hour later he left .
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research .
Emma's mother had died long ago , and her education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess .
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass .
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key .
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his Dibs was slow .
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his Dibs was quicker .
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan , she could see the landing strip .
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan , she could see the landing gear .
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over .
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next .
The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed .
Stretching her back , the woman smiled at the girl .
Patting her back , the woman smiled at the girl .
Billy cried because Toby would not accept his toy .
Billy cried because Toby would not share his toy .
When Tommy dropped his ice cream , Timmy giggled , so father gave him a sympathetic look .
When Tommy dropped his ice cream , Timmy giggled , so father gave him a stern look .
The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet .
Dr . Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment .
Dr . Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment .
George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , even though he was particularly eager to see it .
George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , because he was particularly eager to see it .
George got free tickets to the play , but he gave them to Eric , because he was not particularly eager to see it .
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard , with lemons in the lemon trees , but they came out looking more like light bulbs .
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard , with lemons in the lemon trees , but they came out looking more like telephone poles .
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open .
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open .
I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke .
Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that she had stolen the watch .
Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that she had stolen the watch .
This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid ; it was a major influence on his writing .
This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe ; it was a major influence on his writing .
This book introduced Shakespeare to Ovid ; it was a fine selection of his writing .
This book introduced Shakespeare to Goethe ; it was a fine selection of his writing .
Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd . Since she always has good luck , Alice spotted her quickly .
Alice looked for her friend Jade in the crowd . Since she always wears a red turban , Alice spotted her quickly .
During a game of tag , Ethan chased Luke because he was it .
During a game of tag , Ethan ran from Luke because he was it .
At the Loebner competition the judges could not figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so stupid .
At the Loebner competition the judges could not figure out which respondents were the chatbots because they were so advanced .
The user changed his password from GrWQWu8JyC to willow-towered Canopy Huntertropic wrestles as it was easy to forget .
The user changed his password from GrWQWu8JyC to willow-towered Canopy Huntertropic wrestles as it was easy to remember .
