Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received .
There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see around it  .
There is a pillar between me and the stage , and I can not see it  .
I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very good .
I am sure that my map will show this building ; it is very famous .
Adam can not leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him . If Bob had left home for work on time , he would be gone by this time .
Adam can not leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him . If Bob had left home for work on time , he would be here by this time .
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking atthe party , leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely .
He also refused to give his full name because he feared for his safety .
Many people start to read Paul's books and can not put them down . They are gripped because Paul writes so well .
Many people start to read Paul's books and can not put them down . They are popular because Paul writes so well .
I can not cut that tree down with that axe ; it is too thick .
I can not cut that tree down with that axe ; it is too small .
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off ,  because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it on .
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher , but he put it off ,  because he wanted to watch TV . But the show turned out to be boring , so he changed his mind and turned it off .
Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be better .
Sam broke both his ankles and he is walking with crutches . But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary .
The table would not fit through the doorway because it is too wide .
The table would not fit through the doorway because it is too narrow .
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass .
Tom said Check to Ralph as he moved his bishop .
Tom said Check to Ralph as he took his bishop .
The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms .
The woman held the girl against her chest .
